AssetSwapUtility Tooling (#9187)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Tools/AssetSwapUtility.md

# Asset swap utility

Find and replace is ubiquitous when working in text and content creation tools. When you need to swap many assets within a Unity scene this is where the `AssetSwapUtility` (xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Utilities.Editor.AssetSwapUtility) [ScriptableObject](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/class-ScriptableObject.html) and editor can lend a hand.

The `AssetSwapUtility` saves all find and replace actions as a ScriptableObject so that it is trival to swap back and forth or save swap "themes" for future use.

> 

Reviewer: Would be helpful to include that this tool is going to be located in the `Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Unity.Tools` package.

Author: I like that idea, added!

## Swapping assets

Swapping assets is easy once you have created a `AssetSwapCollection`. Let's demonstrate use by swapping two red cubes with two blue spheres in a scene. First add two red cubes to your scene that use the default Unity cube and the `MRTK_Standard_Red` material.

> To create a `AssetSwapCollection` select from the file menu *Assets->Create->Mixed Reality Toolkit->AssetSwapCollection*. With the `AssetSwapCollection` selected fill out the properties as seen in the below image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an `AssetSwapCollection`, navigate to *Mixed Reality Toolkit > Utilities > Create Asset Swap Collection* . With the `AssetSwapCollection` selected fill out the properties as seen in the below image:
```

> 
> # Asset swap utility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Asset swap utility
```
